>> Steve Kinney: There's another really
great tool called Electron Forge.
Electron Forge, if you ever use something
like Create React app, which is like,
you don't need Create React app
to make a React application.
But, if you don't want to wire everything
up by hand, and you just want sensible
defaults for a lot of stuff we're doing,
Electron Forge will do that for you.
So with Electron Forge, you just
install it as a global dependency, or
use MPX, and you basically say end
it in the name of a new project and
it will wire up the basics
of your project for you.
The application we're gonna use next is
made by Electron Forge, but I jammed my
own CSS in there again as well and changed
the file structure a little bit, so it's
the same the previous one because Electron
does not have a pre-described one.
If you look at the screenshot you see over
in the upper right hand corner there's
templates.
You'll get a pretty plain old
Electron application if you just do
Electron Forge init.
But you can also give it a template
of Typescript or React, and
there's a whole bunch in there you
can kinda look through and see.
And you can pick one of those
templates as a good starter too,
if there's a given tool or
framework that you know you like to use,
it will set all of that out for you.
I just went with a very plain one to
keep things simple in this case, but
that's definitely an option
you might wanna look into.
And there's gonna be other things that
we do later in this workshop that
are basically taken care for you out
of the box by Electron Forge as well,
such as packaging and
stuff along those lines.
Cool, so like I said,
it's like React app but for Electron.
It comes with some of the most popular
userland tools built in, the third party,
kind of open source libraries
a lot of people use.
So there will be one or two things that we
talk about today that we'll just get for
free with Electron Forge as well,
and it includes, for our purposes,
Electron Compile.
So again, you can install it globally,
you can init a new-application, and
you will get the basics there.
So we are gonna use something
very similar to that for
Clip Master, the next application
that we're gonna build.